Updated S3 ssl_verify documentation (#2483)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  $ dvc remote modify myremote use_ssl false
  ```

- `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a

>   custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`). The CA specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`). The certificates in
```

  [AWS CLI config](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-settings)

>   (if any) are used by default.

Reviewer: @rgvanwesep can you confirm the default is still the same after https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/6018#discussion_r635678930 ?

Reviewer: Nvmd I guess the fall back is still `None` even if not explicit.

>   (if any) is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (if any) are used by default.
```

  $ dvc remote modify myremote use_ssl false
  ```

- `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a
  custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`). The CA specified in
  [AWS CLI config](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-settings)
  (if any) is used by default.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify false
  # or

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify path/to/ca_bundle.pem

Reviewer 2: the code block needs a closing ``` here

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify path/to/ca_bundle.pem
  ```
````

  $ dvc remote modify myremote use_ssl false
  ```

> - `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a 
>   custom CA bundle. By default SSL certificates are verified using the CA bundle
>   specified in the AWS config, if one is specified there. If one is not specified,
>   the default CA bundle used by `botocore` will be used. Setting to `false` will 
>   still use SSL if `use_ssl` is `true`, but SSL certificates will not be verified.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify false
>   ```
>   
>   To specify a custom CA bundle:
>   
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify path/to/cabundle.pem
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a
  custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`). The CA specified in
  [AWS CLI config](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-settings)
  (if any) is used by default.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify false
  # or
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ssl_verify path/to/ca_bundle.pem
  ```
```

Reviewer: I removed "If one is not specified, the default CA bundle used by `botocore` will be used," because I don't know what it means. Can you clarify this part please?

Author: Yeah, it means that if `ssl_verify` isn't set and there is no `ca_bundle` specified in the AWS config, then it falls back to the default CA bundle that `botocore` uses. It reflects the docs in `botocore` on the `verify` parameter:
https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/core/session.html

Reviewer: OK I see, thanks for the reference. The boto3 ref doesn't indicate what certs it uses so I think it's safe to leave this out because it's implied that `true` will verify SSL with some generic CA.
